I mean, maybe I can use it. It can be divided into three. Those are known as "sing everything" as
the display of the Magyal.
Singing everything as the Magyal display is known as the "Magical visualization".
Then the second visualization is known as the "realization of a poem and emptiness" of all insuffer
able states.
And it's naturally insufferable states. It's not that meditators are making poems and emptiness ins
ufferable, it's naturally emptiness.
When you have that realization said, it's known as the "performed creative states".
Even though it's named creative state, but it's not just creative act, that's what it is.
These two are who realize this. Also these are realized by all the Mahayana practitioners, or those
great practice Mahayanas, Sukar Mahayanas.
And first of all, for example, every see as the Magyal display. Those are aharas. They can realize
that.
They see also that they are leaning towards, I mean, they are coming towards the closer to the way
things are.
How many? But they did not openly tell that all is enlightened.
The third one, Magyalization, is then is known as the "Vigalization". Invoke the power of one's own
nature and keeping up that as it is, or the nature of the mind, keeping up as it is with the
instructions.
That is what we are doing this, keeping up exactly, following the instructions, keeping up our
innate natures, exactly as it is.
That is our "Vigalization". Now this "Vigalization", nature or character is one.
Characterization of the "Vigalization" is, actually, ourself, ourself, we visualize meditating, our
self as Buddha.
That Buddha, where it comes from? Where it comes from? This comes from the Buddha-nature, your
Buddha-nature.
Your Buddha-nature is what? They call it teaching, not just your, my Buddha-nature, your Buddha.
But Buddha-nature is the embodiment of "blessfulness-emptiness".
"Blessfulness-emptiness". "Blessfulness-emptiness", that "blessfulness" is instantly appeared form
of the deity.
How that appeared? According to the instructions in the Dantara teaching taught, or sadhana taught.
That happened.
So, reality, fundamentally, this deity, what we visualize, like Hayagirwa Vaidya, Vada is
definitely born and known.
It is the great emptiness, great "blessfulness", union of the great "blessfulness", the emptiness.
And that is the Buddha-nature, and that is what Hayagirwa in Vaidya Vada is, or the Buddhas we
visualize.
How we develop that? We follow accordingly, in stockings, as the Buddha taught in the Dantara,
or sadhana taught by the Gurupin Masambha, according to the Buddha's teaching.
Then we maintain that. So that is the essential meaning of the visualization.
So visualization is not something that you make up that. It is actually happening.
When we reach the Buddha-hook, when we become our Buddha-nature, we become the Buddha.
According to sadhana, the Buddha-haktam is one of the highest capability practitioners,
and his reach, the Buddha-haktam reach, the enlightenment of the Buddha-hood, up to three countless
eons.
That's the long way. But this one, for example, immediately we are activating ourselves with the
Buddha-hood.
Buddha-stages. So that is what this visualization is not something that we pretend that we are to
be that.
The total visualization of meditation, what we do immediately, is we are meditating, or we are
instead what we are.
What we are is not what we are trying to be, or pretending that. Hopefully we do this, or by the
blessing I do that.
It is, of course, a blessing, but it is what you are.
For that reason, in the visualization meditation, we are creating state practice, and of course,
complete state practice, too.
Always teaching says confidence. Confidence.
This also sometimes in teaching says, I'm sure you heard of it, I said, very bright.
Very bright. B-R-I-D-E-I. Very bright.
Very bright is what you are. You are really keeping up that.
That. We don't get shaken by the ego-claimless, duality bodies. Keep me up there.
When you keep up that, what that Buddha has is full of love, full of compassion, full of wisdom.
That is radiating. All that we call light is being so light. All that looks like something like
light.
But that energy, that power of love and conviction is really emanating in every direction.
That is coming. That is touching to every single living being.
That is touching all the phenomenal environments, the world, and thus forming everything.
That is the really meaning of these visualizations.
The essential meaning, that is what is really meaning.
Now, with that understanding...